The girls are filming on Christmas time, December 24th and 25th.
'Everyone, Merry Christmas!!'
'But I almost forgot today is the christmas!'
'I heard'
'some fans are envious of us'
'because we’re going abroad every month!'
'But'
'It’s not a jouney.'
'Every month we’re going abroad only to work...'
'We really can’t do anything…'
'Look, I changed a lot of Korean money to Taiwan dollars before I came here...'
'but I can’t spend my money until now…!'
'Just work and sleep. That’s all.'
'And sleep again when we’re moving by bus.'
'And then shooting again!'
When we work, the time flies really fast.
Then I’m like ‘Oh, it’s already midnight now’
The girls are just sleeping when they move the other place.
'All my sisters are sleeping!'
As soon as she finished speaking, she fell into a deep sleep…